hey everyone what's up this is whoa
what's that all right that was one of
the probably the most weirdest intros
I've ever done I apologize for that i
just thought i would he make it a little
bit humorous for you guys but anyways
what this mod is is called the mutant
zombies mod and this is a little part to
the mutant creepers mod which i did a
very very long time ago you guys love
that so i thought i would cover the new
update to the mutant creatures mod which
is what it's called now so what we have
right here is our mutant zombie and i'm
sorry if my voice is sounding a little
weird it's just I just did my livestream
so that's why my voice is a little bit
tired out but what he essentially does
he's got a crazy attack just like the
mutant creeper let me go ahead and try
and get him to do it here so what we
have is him coming after us well I would
think that he's a little bit faster but
let me actually yeah I need to go into
game mode Oh to do this so we're gonna
go and try an attack are they there it
is okay so what he does is he takes you
up really high in the air and dump he'll
smash you down onto the ground as you
guys can tell that's really cool how the
mod critter did that cuz it does it so
perfectly so I need to game mode my sofa
game on myself okay game would one all
right there we go so as you guys can
tell he also has a little smash attack
too right here which is actually really
cool cuz it has awesome particle effects
so we have our two little attacks the
jump attack and then this little smash
attack now while what's really cool
about this is that once you guys kill
your Hulk and let me go ahead and
actually do that right here I believe he
has 62 hearts if I do remember correctly
he can do up to 12 hearts of damage he
has 60 hearts of health so that's a lot
you guys will need to watch out for this
guy all right so I'm gonna try and do
here is kill him now as you guys can
tell he's gonna try and do in his facts
now once you get him on the ground like
this you're gonna have to incinerate him
with a flint and steel and that will set
him on fire and then he'll nicely fade
away and you have to keep doing it make
sure you do that so get him on the
ground and then keep incinerating him
you have to keep right-clicking and as
you can tell he's gonna die and we get
some nice particle effects and there we
go we get our Hulk hammer now what the
whole camera does
is it essentially gives you his melee
attack so when you do this as you can
tell you get that nice little particle
effect like he has it's a very very
powerful weapon be sure to kind of spare
how you use it it only has 64 uses so
make sure that you use it very sparingly
because it will run out quite fast and
that's pretty much the Hulk we did not
get to see his uh his roar attack now
let me just go ahead and explain to you
guys what his bro attack does what it
essentially does is it the whenever he
roars it impacts all the entities around
them it deals half a heart of damage and
it can also resurrect zombie minions
from the earth to support him and it can
summon up to six zombies depending on
your environment and obviously if he
does that that's not good for you so I'm
gonna try to find us another mutant
zombie just we can see this roar attack
and I'll get back to you guys after I
find this so-called so-called mutant
zombie so yeah see you guys in a sec
alright so here is his roar attack now
what it essentially does as you can tell
he gets these zombies spawned out of the
ground we get some awesome particle
effects with it as well and now you have
a different amount of zombies it varies
from six to zero or six to one should I
say and they all go after you will they
will go after you if you're in survival
and yeah that's pretty much the mutant
zombies mod now what you guys also get
within this mod is the mutant creeper I
just had one out here I kind of forgot
where he went but the mutant creeper is
really cool kind of like the big mutant
zombie we got here they're really weird
and looks strange looking and they also
have really cool attacks as well but you
guys definitely have to watch out for
these guys in your world if you do
decide to install this mod if you're
that brave and you wanna you want to get
that a scary aspect into your Minecraft
world this would be definitely the mod
for you so well yeah that pretty much
wraps it up for the mutant zombies mod
so well like always I'll have a link to
this mod in the description I would
appreciate it if you guys took half a
second to leave a rating other than that
this has been Chaz with the mutant
zombies mod and that will talk to you
guys
later peace downey dollars in my pocket
looking for a drummer this is
awesome